README.md, before:

# Polar Recorder

Polar Recorder is an open-source application designed for researchers, developers, and enthusiasts who need to capture raw biometric signals from Polar devices. It provides a simple way to record, store, and stream physiological data.

## Features

- **Records Raw Data** – Capture signals such as ECG, PPG, and heart rate from Polar sensors
- **Supports All Polar Devices** – Compatible with all Polar hardware capable of streaming raw data (tested with H10, H7, and OH1+)
- **Flexible Data Storage** – Save recordings to a file for offline analysis
- **Live Data Streaming** – Transmit data in real-time via MQTT for integration with other systems
- **Fully Open Source** – Developed with transparency and collaboration in mind

## Beta Testing

Polar Recorder is currently in closed beta. I'm looking for testers to help improve the app before its public release.

To join the beta:

1. Join the Google Group: [Polar Recorder Beta Test](https://groups.google.com/g/polar-recorder-beta-test)
2. After joining the group, join the beta testing program: [Play Store Beta Testing](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.wboelens.polarrecorder)
3. Install the app from the Play Store: [Polar Recorder](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wboelens.polarrecorder)

I need at least 12 beta testers to proceed with the public release on the app store.

If you have any feedback/questions, please let me know via opening an issue or sending me an email at polarrecorderfeedback@wboelens.com.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## Citing This Project

If you use Polar Recorder in your research, please cite it using the information provided in the repository's `citation.cff` file. You can cite this project directly from GitHub by:

1. Navigating to the repository's main page
2. Clicking on the "Cite this repository" button in the sidebar
3. Using either the APA or BibTeX format provided

Alternatively, you can generate citations in various formats using tools that support the Citation File Format (CFF) standard.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Disclaimer

Polar Recorder is an independent open-source project and is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or officially connected to Polar Electro or any of its products. "Polar" and associated device names are trademarks of their respective owners. This app is intended for research and development purposes only and comes with no guarantees regarding data accuracy or medical reliability.

Commit message:

Update readme with new features description
Signed-off-by: Boelensman1 <me@wigger.email>

README.md, after:

# Polar Recorder

Polar Recorder is an open-source application designed for researchers, developers, and enthusiasts who need to capture raw biometric signals from Polar devices. It provides a simple way to record, store, and stream physiological data.

## Features

- **Records Raw Data** – Capture signals such as ECG, PPG, and heart rate from Polar sensors
- **Supports All Polar Devices** – Compatible with all Polar hardware capable of streaming raw data (tested with H10, H7, and OH1+)
- **Flexible Data Storage** – Save recordings to a file for offline analysis
- **Live Data Streaming** – Transmit data in real-time via MQTT
- **Resilient** – Auto-reconnects on connection failures and continues the recording
- **Fully Open Source** – Developed with transparency and collaboration in mind

## Beta Testing

Polar Recorder is currently in closed beta. I'm looking for testers to help improve the app before its public release.

To join the beta:

1. Join the Google Group: [Polar Recorder Beta Test](https://groups.google.com/g/polar-recorder-beta-test)
2. After joining the group, join the beta testing program: [Play Store Beta Testing](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.wboelens.polarrecorder)
3. Install the app from the Play Store: [Polar Recorder](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wboelens.polarrecorder)

I need at least 12 beta testers to proceed with the public release on the app store.

If you have any feedback/questions, please let me know via opening an issue or sending me an email at polarrecorderfeedback@wboelens.com.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## Citing This Project

If you use Polar Recorder in your research, please cite it using the information provided in the repository's `citation.cff` file. You can cite this project directly from GitHub by:

1. Navigating to the repository's main page
2. Clicking on the "Cite this repository" button in the sidebar
3. Using either the APA or BibTeX format provided

Alternatively, you can generate citations in various formats using tools that support the Citation File Format (CFF) standard.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Disclaimer

Polar Recorder is an independent open-source project and is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or officially connected to Polar Electro or any of its products. "Polar" and associated device names are trademarks of their respective owners. This app is intended for research and development purposes only and comes with no guarantees regarding data accuracy or medical reliability.
